1) Different between h1 and header tag?
2) can we use footer tag inside header tag?
3) can we use header tag inside footer tag?
4) div tag ---.  display: inline==span tag?
5) span tag --- display: block == div tag?
6)  how to move float tag into center?(float property in central posible?)
7) Different between body and main tag?


1.Difference between h1 and head tag?
Sol:
 The head is the tag at the top of your page containing your meta-tags, styles, scripts and title. headings are the h1, h2, h3 etc tags that allow you to size your text.

2. Can we add footer tag inside header tag?
YES, we can add a footer inside the header, but it's NOT a GOOD PRACTICE to do so. Hence not recommended.

3. can we use multiple header tags
Yes we can use multiple header elements in our documents

4. Can we center aside tag to center?

i don't think so I was able to do the container center but the text-doesn't seem to corporate 🙂

5. difference between body tag and main tag
body is everything, main is the main content. Navigation for example is not main content. Footer is not main content and so on

1.header vs h1 tag, when we use them
 Header element represents the header of a page, it typically contains the page logo, title and maybe some nav links.
whereas, h1 tag represents the most important heading on the page. it is generally used for main heading of header section.

2.kya footer ke andar header use kar sakta hoon
 Footer is a semantic tag that is used to represent the footer of a page, we can use the footer inside header but we are then intentionally writing semantically incorrect code which can cause problems for search engines optimization.

3.kya multiple header use kar sakta hoon
we can use multiple header for the same page by giving all the section of that webpage their own header element.

4.aside tag center mein aa sakta hai
 yes we can bring the aside element in center by using css
    aside {
          margin: auto;
          width: 50%;
          text-align: center;
    }
5. body tag aur main tag mein difference
body tag is use to enclose all the content represented on browser thus it contains main, sidebars, nav, footer etc.
while, main tag is used to represent only main content of the page, so it doesn't contain sidebars, nav, footer.
